Discourage rebalance, warn against stopping it (#1298)
minio/docs: source/reference/minio-mc-admin/mc-admin-rebalance.rst

.. start-mc-admin-rebalance-desc

> The :mc-cmd:`mc admin rebalance` command allows starts or monitors a rebalancing operation on a MinIO deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the :mc-cmd:`mc admin rebalance` command to start or monitor a rebalancing operation on a MinIO deployment.
```

   Ends an in-progress rebalance job on the specified deployment.

   .. admonition:: Stop may cause data loss
      :class: warning

      At this time, MinIO does not recommend stopping an in-progress rebalance job.

>       Interrupting rebalance may result in data loss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Interrupting an in-progress rebalance process may result in data loss.
```

   Ends an in-progress rebalance job on the specified deployment.

   .. admonition:: Stopping a rebalance job on previous versions of MinIO may cause data loss
      :class: warning

      A bug in MinIO prior to :minio-release:`RELEASE.2024-08-17T01-24-54Z` can overwrite objects while stopping a in-progress rebalance operation. 
      Interrupting rebalance on these older versions may result in data loss.

> 

Author: Is there a usual way we reference things like this? What should we say about the now fixed bug?
